hi there welcome to wellness today I'm
Haley and in today's segment we're gonna
make a tabbouleh recipe with one of my
favorite veggies cauliflower I don't
know if you've realized this as well but
cauliflower has become extremely trendy
lately every time I go to a restaurant
there is some variation on the menu
whether it's roasted with pine nuts full
grilled stalks with the truffle sauce or
a cauliflower crust pizza everywhere so
I'm taking my veggie crush one step
further I'm going to incorporate my
favorite type of cuisine Mediterranean I
love the flavors of Mediterranean food
and like to picture myself on the sands
of the Greek Isles so today we're going
to make a raw cauliflower tabbouleh
cauliflower boasts many benefits like
improving your blood pressure and kidney
function anti-inflammatory components
choline which is a form of vitamin B for
brain health as well as digestive
support from fiber for this simple
recipe all you'll need is one head of
cauliflower chopped into small pieces 1
cucumber diced 1 box of cherry tomatoes
quartered 1/3 cup of lemon juice we're
gonna use 3 tablespoons of olive oil 3
cloves of minced garlic 2 chopped
scallions about a cup of chopped parsley
1/4 cup of chopped mint a teaspoon of
sea salt and a teaspoon of black pepper
so let's get started I'm gonna take the
cauliflower and toss it into my food
processor got it in there toss the lid
on top I'm just gonna give it a quick
pulse if you don't have a food processor
in no problem you can
can use a cheese grater to get that rice
light consistency okay now that we've
got our cauliflower rice we're ready to
add all of our ingredients to the bowl
and get a fresh delicious to blee salad
okay so here's our cauliflower rice
we're just gonna add it all to the bowl
put this aside you can start adding the
rest of our fresh vegetables okay so
we're gonna add the cucumber next up our
cherry tomatoes that have been quartered
got two chopped scallions you just dump
everything right in the bowl that's why
I love this because it's just so simple
and easy okay next we have the chopped
mint a quarter cup right a cup of
parsley three cloves of minced garlic
obviously love the smell of fresh garlic
but a teaspoon of sea salt so you can
just take a little pinch toss it right
in the bowl about a teaspoon of black
pepper again just a little shake just
for some extra flavor next up we have
1/3 a cup of lemon juice just pour that
right over all of those herbs mm-hmm the
lemon just really brings out all of
those delicious flavors I can't wait to
try this okay last but not least we have
three tablespoons of olive oil two and
third okay now the reason that I love
this recipe so much it is really just so
simple all that we have to do is just
toss together all of these ingredients
and we are going to have a delicious
refreshing summer salad mmm I can smell
all of these herbs coming together this
is such a fresh delicious satisfying
salad and it is perfect for that summer
barbecue hint in July 4th is right
around the corner it's almost fully
combined you really want to take the
time just to make sure that you get all
of the ingredients combined together so
then you taste the flavors in one bite
okay our tabbouleh is done how simple
was that
mmm okay I cannot wait any longer I've
got to get this stuff
try scoop a little bit into a bowl here
mmm that is so good
simple satisfying and delicious what's
your favorite way to eat cauliflower
leave your recipes and ideas in the
comment section below
questions share them with me below and
I'll get back to you as soon as possible
thanks for joining me today have a great
day India
so what you would do is you place a
couple drops of the lavender essential
oil like around the outside of your
pillow do you smell it right before you
go to sleep so the fifth thing is to
read so you meant to read something a
little bit dense not a thriller or
anything fast-paced